c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.exe.config
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.exe
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.g.resources
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.exe
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList_Content.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\Views\Editor.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.PubSubEvents.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\MvvmDialogs.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\MvvmDialogs.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\Views\Editor.baml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.application
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.application
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\WindowsBase.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\PresentationCore.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\PresentationFramework.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Security.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\System.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Models\ToDoListDB.db
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVM2\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
